Add a `deduplicate` argument to `get_transmat` (#769)
EpiModel/EpiModel: NEWS.md

### NEW FEATURES

> - `get_transmat` now gets an optional `deduplicate` argument to chose one "infectious" acts in case multiple occured at the same time step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_transmat` adds a `deduplicate` argument to select one transmitting acts in the case that multiple transmissions occurred at the same time step to a newly infected person.
```
